tools, media: update architecture image & binlogctl result (#889)
pingcap/docs: tools/tidb-binlog-cluster.md

    ```bash
    $ cd /home/tidb/tidb-ansible
    $ resources/bin/binlogctl -pd-urls=http://172.16.10.72:2379 -cmd pumps

>     INFO[0000] pump: {NodeID: ip-172-16-10-72:8250, Addr: 172.16.10.72:8250, State: online, MaxCommitTS: 403051525690884099, UpdateTime: 2018-12-25 14:23:37 +0800 CST}

Reviewer: Please add a blank line before this line.

- Check the state of all the Pumps or Drainers:

>     Set `cmd` as `pumps` or `drainers` to check the state of all the Pumps or Drainers. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set `cmd` as `pumps` or `drainers` to check the state of all the Pumps or Drainers. For example,
```

    ```bash
    bin/binlogctl -pd-urls=http://127.0.0.1:2379 -cmd pumps

    INFO[0000] pump: {NodeID: ip-172-16-30-67:8250, Addr: 172.16.30.192:8250, State: online, MaxCommitTS: 405197570529820673, UpdateTime: 2018-12-25 14:23:37 +0800 CST}
    ```

- Modify the Pump/Drainer state:

>     Set `cmd` as `update-pump` or `update-drainer` to modify the Pump/Drainer state. The Pump/Drainer states include `online`, `pausing`, `paused`, `closing` and `offline`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set `cmd` as `update-pump` or `update-drainer` to modify the state of Pump or Drainer, which can be `online`, `pausing`, `paused`, `closing` or `offline`.
```

Reviewer: Generally, do not use `/` in the documentation body text, because it's a little bit informal.

    ```bash
    bin/binlogctl -pd-urls=http://127.0.0.1:2379 -cmd update-pump -node-id ip-127-0-0-1:8250 -state paused
    ```

    This command modifies the Pump/Drainer state saved in PD.

- Pause or close Pump/Drainer:

>     Set `cmd` as `pause-pump`, `pause-drainer`, `offline-pump`, `offline-drainer` respectively to pause or close Pump/Drainer. For example: 

Reviewer: This is not clear enough for users.

>     Set `cmd` as `pause-pump`, `pause-drainer`, `offline-pump`, `offline-drainer` respectively to pause or close Pump/Drainer. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set `cmd` as `pause-pump`, `pause-drainer`, `offline-pump`, `offline-drainer` respectively to pause Pump, pause Drainer, close Pump, and close Drainer. For example,
```

- Check the state of all the Pumps or Drainers:

    Set `cmd` as `pumps` or `drainers` to check the state of all the Pumps or Drainers. For example,

    ```bash
    bin/binlogctl -pd-urls=http://127.0.0.1:2379 -cmd pumps

    INFO[0000] pump: {NodeID: ip-172-16-30-67:8250, Addr: 172.16.30.192:8250, State: online, MaxCommitTS: 405197570529820673, UpdateTime: 2018-12-25 14:23:37 +0800 CST}
    ```

- Modify the Pump/Drainer state:

    Set `cmd` as `update-pump` or `update-drainer` to modify the state of Pump or Drainer, which can be `online`, `pausing`, `paused`, `closing` or `offline`. 

    ```bash
    bin/binlogctl -pd-urls=http://127.0.0.1:2379 -cmd update-pump -node-id ip-127-0-0-1:8250 -state paused
    ```

    This command modifies the Pump/Drainer state saved in PD.

- Pause or close Pump/Drainer:

>     Set `cmd` as `pause-pump` or `pause-drainer` to pause Pump or Drainer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set `cmd` as `pause-pump` or `pause-drainer` to pause Pump or Drainer. 
```

>     Set `cmd` as `offline-pump` or `offline-drainer` to close Pump or Drainer. For example, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set `cmd` as `offline-pump` or `offline-drainer` to close Pump or Drainer. For example, 
```
